listen Disney pretty much is an empire
nowadays you know they're like the Roman
Empire the way they're just absorbing
everything around them so it's kind of
ironic that this movie is trying to call
that out like having a major plot point
center around a massive organization who
wants to take over another one is one
thing them dealing in entertainment is
another then them flaunting how they
have this huge theme park that looks
very familiar to one we know this dude
running it having a logo BW their slogan
being make the impossible possible you
almost start wondering if Disney is
snitching on themselves or if this is
the weirdest flexin box office history
by the way Dumbo is one of those movies
where the remake could be completely
pointless or it could also make a lot of
sense like I find it funny when people
want to defend the original because
there's a lot of racism in there I'm not
saying it doesn't hold its place in time
you know but in this case this is a
remake that wouldn't hurt
kind of like when they tried remaking
Birth of a Nation so that when you
googled it you wouldn't get the Klan
member original and then other things
happen there but I'm telling you that as
cynical as I am as someone whose cartoon
culture has been getting appropriated
through these live-action adaptations I
still went in there looking to have
those same magical emotions I had when I
was but a sketch you know when you sit
there and you forget that you're
actually in a movie theater but you
believe you're actually in another world
those same feelings I got when I
personally saw a big fish when I was
younger not knowing if it still holds up
but let me tell you when that elephant
sword passed me an IMAX 3d
I'm not gonna lie I felt them again let
me explain so first off we have the
original that takes us all the way back
to 1941 that I want to break down but
now we know how much of a mobster Disney
was like this dude had a powerhouse of
animation where he was visiting places
and then just compiling stereotypes and
I'm realizing right now that maybe all
of these new Disney films are just
trying to cover up all of the old stuff
that was in those
[Music]
sly up a tree way it belongs so the
original starts off with all of the
babies being delivered to their
respective parents which if you were
asked some of my friends who didn't
finish high school that's not how it
goes
mrs. jumbo however didn't pay for the
two-day shipping for her little
elephants so it gets delayed and the
moment he arrives everyone just starts
grilling him you mean what I didn't
realize was that Dumbo isn't even his
original name his original name is jumbo
since he's supposed to be a junior and
yet on the poster we're still calling
him by his name that he was getting
bullied but that's like calling fury
Nick little jumbo then gets picked on by
these fools who look like the kid from
MADtv he's getting grilled by those damn
soccer mom elephants who do nothing but
gossip things get so heated at one point
that Mama jumbo has to get restrained as
she's defending her child and that's
where this mouse comes in trying to help
jumbo reconnect with her it's pulling an
inception on the ringleader whispering
sweet nothings into his ear as he sleeps
so PT Barnum then decides to put jumbo
out there for a sketch where a house is
burning down and in his first
performance he literally brings the
house down then we have whatever the
hell this has happened and whatever the
heaven this is takes over and then
Disney decided Dumbo and the mouse
should get drunk and go on a it's weird
it's really weird this scene of course
never happened but if it did it would
have led Dumbo to spider versing off the
ledge causing him to realize that he
could fly setting forth the secret of
events where he nuts the audience makes
the circus so much money that he gets
that Mariah Carey insurance for his ears
and then gets reunited with his mama as
they live happily ever after and Disney
gets fries framed
after the original focused on gumbo the
remake kind of just makes him like the
catalyst of the story now I know I'm in
the minority when when it comes to
giving this movie a jr. price Billy this
one's got that Christina Aguilera hurts
a aesthetic I guess what's funny
especially when you look at Tim's
burning filmography is how period pieces
are different depending on when they're
filmed if you know what I mean
like a movie can take place in the 50s
but depending on when it was shot it's
different like a movie taking place in
the 50s but it's shot in the 80s feels a
certain way in the 90s they're adding
whatever we were doing then early 2000s
you can tell some references and on the
late 2010s
you can see that there are some things
that are getting slipped through that
have nothing to do with the 1940s for
this specific movie and we're adding
things that that we're going through
like they had the audacity to include
Michael buffer to announce the circus
just so we could say let's get ready to
Dumbo I personally felt the Queen line
or at least the way it was phrased felt
more like something we would say in our
period calling him Big D in the 40s is
something we shouldn't even do today and
you can tell they wanted to push a
message with this little girl cuz she
was yelling about her rights to the
people who agreed with her now when I
saw this girl all I thought was that she
looked like a miniature made from
Westworld and it turns out she really is
a miniature made I don't know if she's
just taking after her mom's robotic
roles but she is a kid so I really hold
it against her she is also the only one
who respects the elephants and calls
them jumbo you know little girl
practically is a replacement for the
mouse's character who's looking out for
him while everything else from the
original gets like an awkward homage
like you know how comic-book movies have
those scenes where a character just
awkwardly acknowledges an Easter egg
from the comics but if you've never read
a comic
it makes no damn sense well in this
movie they have the stork just randomly
standing there as an homage to the
cartoon Dumbo randomly appears under hey
I don't keep the magic that he was
delivered the trippy elephant scenes get
put in there and a baz lurman like scene
I can just imagine people who haven't
seen the old version just sitting there
going the hell are we zoom in on these
people for that said if there was one
remake that blends in diversity well
that's a is this one you know you got
the setting in the people who went with
the circus completely making sense and
it would feel like an outcast girls
perspective during this time minus the
years of course but they give a
justification for also
Dumbo because jumbo might make him sad
as it reminds him of his mom I'm not
buying that elephants never forget just
like the animation everyone makes fun of
jumbo because of his ears and call him
Dumbo causing the mom to get agitated
and they take her away girl even calls
out the dad for not doing anything
claiming well at least mom would have
done something to which it made me
realize this movies very familiar to
another one that came out last year
including the little girl having a key
for something that the mom gave her mrs.
jumbo then gets sold so now colin has to
dress up like ICP to perform these nicki
minaj looking clowns are doing a set
with jumbo when he realizes that if he
snorts this white substance he'll get
high and the show becomes a hit like
imagine if you went to the circus right
you're a freaking Barnum & Bailey and an
elephant just starts flying now imagine
how crazy would have been back in those
times like Michael Keaton's character
rose up halfway through the movie and
all the people surround him going whoa a
car besides it being a need Batman
Returns reunion this is actually where
those Disney parallels come into play
VanDerveer and his crew wants to buy out
the Medici circus specifically to get
certain properties you know he wants to
showcase the biggest act that dreamland
while cutting out the more independent
acts in order to make room so if this is
a way for Disney to try to cancel Disney
then ask the most Disney thing I've ever
heard of you know it's just I'm trying
to get ahead of it like they did the
James Gunn thing I see you what gets me
in terms of the story is that the
live-action really emphasizes on his
ears like they are adorable but they're
way more obvious how big they are making
it easy for all these people to make fun
of him but the moment they start making
money off of jumbo all of a sudden
everyone cares about them badges got me
thinking man there are a lot of people
out there who I may not know what your
name is
or where you're from I don't know what
your passion is but if people have been
putting you down all you have to do is
put the family than the signs to go
visit the theme park but they should
have realized it was a no-go and one of
the one of the employees is wearing
elephant skin boots like I'm Mexican
I've seen a variety of boots elephant
skin Eva Green also plays a performer
who's questioning why she hasn't been in
a Tim Burton movie earlier but she gets
paired with this linebacker of an
elephant who's supposed to fly around
with her on her back for the show now
the special effects in the movie I
thought were okay I thought they were
pretty good
cept when a human tries to interact with
them then it's garbage in fact the whole
second act as much as I had fun with the
movie it's just wild like it turns out
Eva's character isn't even evil she's
just with someone who is evil Colin
Farrell is missing an arm because of the
war and I kid you not they give this man
a hamburger a helper a hand for it
there's another scene where a worker
comes in to let them know that they're
about to kill Dumbo's mother oh and
she's not going to survive
Gumble hears his mom and pulls a prison
break the Medici group then assaults two
officers as they picked the the one dude
who has one hand to free solo up the
tent and cut it open they end up
destroying the entire park as it burns
to the ground and all I could think of
was imagine being that family that dad
who saved up the entire year to take
your family to this park and then all of
these shenanigans happen on the day are
they're worth it now in order to prove
to jumbo that he could fly without the
feather the little girl decides to toss
her mother's key that she's been holding
on to for years I was like I don't know
about dad because while it did motivate
him I'm just imagining five years later
when they find this treasure chest and
everyone's just looking at the little
girl like so where is it legit Dumbo
flies away and goes over Dumbo I guess
just to say that Dumbo was a Dumbo and
then they decided to send him to the set
of the jungle book so he can live
happily ever after with his mama
as the Medicis circus continues and
disney sets out to remake every
animation ever how can you imagine a can
imagine a live-action ellamy thank you
guys for checking out this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section I personally
enjoyed it I don't know if it's got the
greatness of I guess 90s Tim Burton as a
lot of people like I think it's still
there it's better than the other stuff
you've been making I'll say that maybe
not a junior price for everybody but I
liked it I also like how they snuck some
things in there if you're watching the
movie I again I don't have all these
clips but there was like there was a
girl who's bends over on the stage and I
kid you not one of the one of the people
in the crowd pulls all binoculars dang
psycho there's some other scenes where
they like showcase the future and it
just made me think yo I am so excited
we're living in the now and not like any
time back then like can you imagine like
yeah teleportation I can't wait for that
but y'all I'm so glad we got like the
technology we have now I don't know
why I was just thinking about that I was
seeing them look at the 50 stuff and I
was like dude you know we take our stuff
for granted I'm getting on your thoughts
did it live up to the hype are you
excited for any of the other live-action
ones that are coming out there are so
many this year's like Dumbo Lion King
Aladdin I think there's another snow way
way too many stuff but I'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and you too will get
your own live-action adaptation